(WIP)
## IDEA
A mysterious "entity" that seems to almost entirely break the hierarchy of archgods, epicenters, and even Beyonds (ontological classes). The Equilibrium Arbiter is akin to a sentient concept that transcends past the realm of fiction and reality altogether. It is the very concept (epicenter) of balance, meaning it's omnipotent to all instances of balance/equilibrium. However, for whatever reason, it seems to outright transcend the limitations of epicenterhood based on whatever exactly it is.
Outside from its Epicenter capabilities, it also has no physical form. Instead, it communicates to people through fate manipulation. When communicating to people, it does so by manipulating fate into making that person see certain words around them in a certain order. For instance, if the Arbiter wishes to tell someone "Happy birthday in 24 hours", that person will first see a birthday card in the corner of their eye, read/process "happy birthday". But before they can finish reading the card, their eyes would be drawn to the opposite side of the room, seeing a sign with the word "in", and only reading that single word. Then, a gust of wind would cause them to look into their watch, which they set a stopwatch a day prior. Looking down at the watch, they finally read yhe end of the arbiter's message: "24 Hours". This convoluted way of communication is the only way the Equilibrium Arbiter can talk to people, even the Vice President of the AoS.
Oh yeah, the Equilibrium Arbiter is THE President of the Arch of Sentients (AoS).
Aside from its Epicenter abilities and its innate "Fate-communication", it also has a supercharged version of a skribble's general fate manipulation, being able to twist and manipulate fate anywhere in The Worlds Aplenty— having an equal level of authority as a Skribble or even The 4th Beyond.
Despite such power and privilege, it doesn't seem to be outright evil nor good— purely using its power for "balance", very rarely acting out on its own wishes (IE: A rare instance where it DID have plans of its own, is an upcoming storyline one day where it'll have, and help, the Vice President of the AoS and Ladie Luke arrange their own assassination attempts against itself... somehow... just to see what'll happen, if they'll even succeed in killing it).
It is entirely unknown how the Arbiter fits into the ontological scale, if it even is part of it, or what it even is altogether. It's akin to an "Omniversal Epicenter", if one was even possible, where they're an epicenter of something across multiple (or all) levels of reality. This unanswerable mystery is fully intentional, akin to "Ultima Spectata".