(WIP)
## IDEA
A very important Fourth Marshal Character. After Razi-AI is plugged into Santa Besado Institute's Spire and is given enough power to properly handle the Simulings of the Alternate Fiction, the digital clone of the delusional Fourth Marshal splits off from Razi-AI to become her own person and entity. This is Simulette-Chan, Epicenter of the Alternate Fiction.

The reason why her Epicenter is... different... is due to what exactly she is. She can be considered as the Epicenter of Simulation, Concept of Lies, Metaphor of Decanoluzion. Even her ontology is questionable, as she's Man-Made (Mortal), powered through Decanoluzion (Nul), and carrying the memories of a Fourth Marshal (Fourth). In the Fourth Marshal story, she's being used by the Heretical Concept of Script to maintain HIS Firmata, utilizing it as a massive Alternate Fiction within itselfc explaining the near-infinite timeloops and Fracturing Veils. Despite that, due to how messed up her Epicenter Privileges are, she doesn't have access to HIS Firmata, only the Alternate Fiction.
After her creation, and after the player gives her a proper last name other than "-chan", she upgrades several other gameplay features of PROJECT: Fourth Marahal due to Razi-AI being able to focus entirely on the UI and Front-End systems while Simulette handles the simulation and simulings.

Secretly, she still has some feelings for Kaitzar due to carrying the memories of that delusional Fourth Marshal. However, knowing what Kaitzar has gone through since their disappearance and the fact that she is just a fusion of that marshal and Razi-AI, she knows now to make any moves.

By the end of Project: Fourt Marshal, after defeating the Heretical Concept, players are able to land a single crack to Simulette. The idea is that these cracks persist between resets. After a set number of players finish the game and "crack" Simulette, she'll eventually be destroyed, which is the only way to finally end the timeloop and destroy HIS Firmata. By this point, the roleplayer is able to continue the timeloop too by using the privilege given by the Heretical Concept, and the player does this by "quitting" the game. However, before reaching this point, HIS Firmata does still reset after a player quits, which causes the Heretical Concept of Script to ambush their skravatar, Kickstarting the beginning of the game. The player still gets ambushed and their skravtar destroyed eventually near the end of the story, which is what will prompt the final quest to make Kaitzar finally playable.